<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2026 Roshani Kumari <roshnikumariii098@gmail.com>
SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0
-->
<!DOCTYPE book PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.5-Based Variant V1.1//EN" "dtd/kdedbx45.dtd" [
    <!ENTITY keepsecret "<application>KeepSecret</application>">
    <!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
    <!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE">
    <!ENTITY Roshani.Kumari "<personname><firstname>Roshani</firstname><surname>Kumari</surname></personname>">
    <!ENTITY Roshani.Kumari.mail "<email>roshnikumarii098@gmail.com</email>">
]>
<book id="keepsecret" lang="&language;">
<bookinfo>
<title>The &keepsecret; Handbook</title>
<authorgroup>
<author>&Roshani.Kumari; &Roshani.Kumari.mail;</author>
</authorgroup>
<copyright>
<year>2026</year>
<holder>Roshani Kumari</holder>
</copyright>
<legalnotice>&CCBYSA4Notice;</legalnotice>
<date>2026-07-06</date>
<releaseinfo>KeepSecret 0.1</releaseinfo>
<abstract>
<para>
KeepSecret is a password manager for KDE that stores secrets securely
using the freedesktop Secret Service API.
</para>
</abstract>
<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>kdeutils</keyword>
<keyword>password</keyword>
<keyword>secrets</keyword>
<keyword>keepsecret</keyword>
</keywordset>
</bookinfo>

<chapter id="introduction">
<title>Introduction</title>
<para>
&keepsecret; is a KDE password manager that stores and manages secrets
securely using the freedesktop Secret Service API. It allows you to
store passwords, keys, and other sensitive information in encrypted
wallets.
</para>
<para>
&keepsecret; works alongside other applications that use the Secret
Service API, such as web browsers and development tools, providing a
unified place to manage all your stored credentials.
</para>
</chapter>

<chapter id="using-keepsecret">
<title>Using KeepSecret</title>

<sect1 id="wallets">
<title>Wallets</title>
<para>
A wallet is a collection of secrets. &keepsecret; displays your
wallets in the left sidebar. Click a wallet to view its contents.
</para>
<para>
To create a new wallet, open the menu and select
<guimenuitem>New Wallet</guimenuitem>. To delete a wallet, open
the wallet action menu and select
<guimenuitem>Delete Wallet</guimenuitem>.
</para>
</sect1>

<sect1 id="entries">
<title>Managing Entries</title>
<para>
Each wallet contains a list of secret entries. Click an entry to
view its details in the right panel.
</para>
<para>
To create a new entry, click the <guibutton>New Entry</guibutton>
button in the toolbar. Fill in the label, password, user, and
server fields. You can click <guibutton>Generate</guibutton>
to automatically generate a strong random password.
</para>
<para>
To copy a password to the clipboard, click the
<guibutton>Copy Password</guibutton> button. The password will
be automatically cleared from the clipboard after 30 seconds.
</para>
</sect1>

<sect1 id="import-export">
<title>Import and Export</title>
<para>
&keepsecret; can export your wallet to a
<filename>.keepsecret</filename> file for backup or transfer.
To export, open the wallet action menu and select
<guimenuitem>Export…</guimenuitem>.
</para>
<para>
To import secrets, select <guimenuitem>Import…</guimenuitem>
from the wallet action menu. You can import both
<filename>.keepsecret</filename> files and legacy KWallet XML files.
</para>
</sect1>

<sect1 id="locking">
<title>Locking and Unlocking</title>
<para>
You can lock a wallet to protect its contents. Click the
<guibutton>Lock</guibutton> button in the toolbar to lock the
current wallet. To unlock it, click <guibutton>Unlock</guibutton>.
</para>
</sect1>

</chapter>

<chapter id="credits">
<title>Credits and License</title>
<para>
&keepsecret; is developed by Marco Martin and contributors.
</para>
<para>Documentation Copyright &copy; 2026 &Roshani.Kumari; &Roshani.Kumari.mail;</para>
&underCCBYSA4;
&underGPL;
</chapter>

&documentation.index;

</book>
